{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21260\viewh14500\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2056\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 The general idea of what my term project is expected to materialize as can be found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.parmen.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.parmen.com/}}.  The version of 3-D Chess found above features great gameplay (far more exciting than 2-D chess) and it comes with a detailed set of rules attached. It also comes equipped with a good quality AI, which adds appeal to the game. \
\
There are some flaws to the above rendition of 3-D Chess that should be addressed. Each square on the the chess board cannot be accessed directly without rotating the board which can become annoying for the user. Another graphical flaw that I found with the version of chess above is the fact that the transparency of the boards makes the gameplay confusing. I plan to address these flaws in my version of Chess in order to provide a superior user experience. \
\
I intend to use graphical style found in this version of 2-D chess: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.aifactory.chessfree&hl=en"}}{\fldrslt https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.aifactory.chessfree&hl=en}}. The 2-D graphics make the game far less confusing when all of the rotation and transparency elements are removed. What this allows for is a far more accessible user interface which I plan to include in my term project. Even though I am not using a full 3-D approach to the project, I am going to have the program draw the pieces so that it does have a 3-D look to it. This user interface features click and drop methods of moving pieces which is very interactive and it allows for a more immersive user experience. I also plan on including a tutorial mode which allows the game to be accessible to a wider target audience. Essentially my term project amalgamates features found in the 3-D version of chess and the 2-D version of chess found in the links above. I intend to use a 3-D rulebook of chess, but with a 2-D style UI. The focus here clearly is on the functionality of the UI as opposed to the attractiveness that a 3-D UI provides.}